To ensure that all authers for each medie file. Only files that cannot include authers in the source are mentioned. 

/gfx/
14P_Arial_Angle_Red.png		Karl Bartel - http://user.cs.tu-berlin.de/~karlb/sfont/fonts.html
bConnect.png			Poul Sander
blockAttack.ico			Poul Sander
bReplays.png			Poul Sander
changeButtonsBack1.png		Poul Sander
iDraw.png			Poul Sander
SmallStone.png			Karl Bartel - http://user.cs.tu-berlin.de/~karlb/sfont/fonts.html
24P_Arial_Blue.png		Karl Bartel - http://user.cs.tu-berlin.de/~karlb/sfont/fonts.html
bEndless.png			Poul Sander
blue.png			Poul Sander
bRetry.png			Poul Sander
changeButtonsBack.png		Poul Sander
iGameOver.png			Poul Sander
bExit.png			Poul Sander
bNetwork.png			Poul Sander
bSave.png			Poul Sander
iLevelCheckBox.png		Poul Sander
topscores.png			Poul Sander
b1024.png			Poul Sander
bForward.png			Poul Sander
bNewGame.png			Poul Sander
bSelectPuzzle.png		Poul Sander
crossover.png			Poul Sander
iLevelCheck.png			Poul Sander
transCover.png			Poul Sander
BackBoard.png			Poul Sander
bHighScore.png			Poul Sander
bNext.png			Poul Sander
bSkip.png			Poul Sander
dialogbox.png			Poul Sander
iLoser.png			Poul Sander
turkish.png			Poul Sander
background1.png			Poul Sander
bHost.png			Poul Sander
boardBackBack.png		Poul Sander
bStageClear.png			Poul Sander
fileDialogbox.png		Poul Sander
iStageClearLimit.png		Poul Sander
yellow.png			Poul Sander
background.png			Poul Sander
bHowToPlay.png			Poul Sander
bOff.png			Poul Sander
bTheme.png			Poul Sander
iWinner.png			Poul Sander
bInternet.png			Poul Sander
bOnePlayer.png			Poul Sander
bTimeTrial.png			Poul Sander
green.png			Poul Sander
mouse.png			Poul Sander
bBack.png			Poul Sander
blackBackGround.png		Poul Sander
bOn.png				Poul Sander
bTwoPlayers.png			Poul Sander
grey.png			Poul Sander
options.png			Poul Sander
bChange.png			Poul Sander
blackLine.png			Poul Sander
bOptions.png			Poul Sander
bVsGame.png			Poul Sander
iCheckBoxArea.png		Poul Sander
purple.png			Poul Sander
bConfigure.png			Poul Sander
bLoad.png			Poul Sander
bPuzzle.png			Poul Sander
chainFrame.png			Poul Sander
icon.png			Poul Sander
red.png				Poul Sander

/gfx/smileys/
0.png				Poul Sander
1.png				Poul Sander
2.png				Poul Sander
3.png				Poul Sander

/gfx/animations/bomb/
bomb_1.png			Poul Sander
bomb_2.png			Poul Sander

/gfx/animations/cursor/
1.png				Poul Sander
2.png				Poul Sander

/gfx/animations/explosion/
0.png				openarena-svn887:/textures/sfx/130boom
1.png				openarena-svn887:/textures/sfx/130boom
2.png				openarena-svn887:/textures/sfx/130boom
3.png				openarena-svn887:/textures/sfx/130boom

/gfx/animations/ready/
ready_1.png			Poul Sander
ready_2.png			Poul Sander

/gfx/counter/
1.png				Poul Sander
2.png				Poul Sander
3.png				Poul Sander

/gfx/garbage/
garbageBL.png			Poul Sander
garbageBR.png			Poul Sander
garbageGML.png			Poul Sander
garbageGMR.png			Poul Sander
garbageML.png			Poul Sander
garbageMR.png			Poul Sander
garbageTL.png			Poul Sander
garbageTR.png			Poul Sander
garbageB.png			Poul Sander
garbageFill.png			Poul Sander
garbageGM.png			Poul Sander
garbageL.png			Poul Sander
garbageM.png			Poul Sander
garbageR.png			Poul Sander
garbageT.png			Poul Sander

/gfx/balls/
ballBlue.png			Poul Sander
ballGray.png			Poul Sander
ballGreen.png			Poul Sander
ballPurple.png			Poul Sander
ballRed.png			Poul Sander
ballTurkish.png			Poul Sander
ballYellow.png			Poul Sander




























